TELCODOCS-2221-RN: KMM 2.3 release notes. (#89788)
openshift/openshift-docs: hardware_enablement/kmm-release-notes.adoc

// TELCODOCS-1994
* In this release, the firmware search path has been updated to copy the contents of the specified path into the path specified in worker.setFirmwareClassPath (default: /var/lib/firmware). For more information, see xref:../hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc#kmm-example-cr_kernel-module-management-operator[Example Module CR].

// TELCODOCS-1977
* For each node running a kernel matching the regular expression, KMM now checks if you have included a tag or a digest. If you have not specified a tag or digest in the container image, then the validation webhook returns an error and does not apply the module. For more information, see xref:../hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc#kmm-example-cr_kernel-module-management-operator[Example Module CR].

[id="kmm-2-3-RN"]
== Release notes for Kernel Module Management Operator 2.3
=== New features
// TELCODOCS-2221
* In this release, KMM uses version 1.23 of the Golang programming language to ensure test continuity for partners.

// TELCODOCS-2197

> * KMM 2.3 allows the use of taints and tolerances for creating user-defined tolerances to kernel modules to schedule KMM pods. For more information, see xref:../hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc#kmm-using-tolerations-for-kernel-module-scheduling_kernel-module-management-operator[Using tolerations for kernel module scheduling].

Reviewer: A couple of things:
- Tolerances should be "tolerations." This should be fixed before merge.
- The first sentence needs clarification and can be switched to active voice. 
- Nit: "allows" is discouraged in the style guide ([reference](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#shortdesc)).
> Avoid feature-focused language. Focus on what users can accomplish with a product, not on what a product does. For example, avoid phrases such as "This product allows you to…​". 

Suggested rewrite:
```suggestion
* You can now schedule KMM pods by defining taints and tolerations. For more information, see xref:../hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc#kmm-using-tolerations-for-kernel-module-scheduling_kernel-module-management-operator[Using tolerations for kernel module scheduling].
```

Author: @ousleyp Made your suggested changes. I had made this change in other sections but this one slipped by me. Thanks for the catch!
